Update tool registry documentation for clarity on saving tools (#3500)
langchain-ai/docs: src/langsmith/use-tools.mdx

## Add and use tools

> The Playground lets you quickly [add tools](#add-a-tool) to any prompt with a single click. You can choose from built-in tools provided by model providers like OpenAI and Anthropic, or define your own [custom tools](#create-a-custom-tool) tailored to your specific needs. Custom tools are saved to the current prompt by default. You can save them to the workspace-wide [tool registry](#manage-tools-with-the-registry) to reuse them across prompts without recreating them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the Playground, you can quickly [add tools](#add-a-tool) to any prompt with a single click. You can choose from built-in tools provided by model providers like OpenAI and Anthropic, or define your own [custom tools](#create-a-custom-tool) tailored to your specific needs. Custom tools are saved to the current prompt by default. You can save them to the workspace-wide [tool registry](#manage-tools-with-the-registry) to reuse them across prompts without recreating them.
```
style suggestion

### Manage tools with the registry

The Playground includes a [workspace](/langsmith/administration-overview#workspaces)-scoped **tool registry** for saving and reusing tools across prompts and sessions. When you create a custom tool, you can save it to the current prompt only, or save it directly to the registry. Saving to the registry also adds the tool to the current prompt.

Click the **+ Tool** button in the Playground to open **Manage tools**. From the **Available Tools** tab, you can:

> - Click **+** in the tools list to create a new tool.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Create a new tool from the tools list.
```

I think it should be relatively obvious _how_ to add a new tool, right? Mostly, I think it's better for scanability to lead with the action that is being accomplished (rather than "click")

> - Click **Add from registry** to add an existing registry tool to the current prompt.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add an existing registry tool to the current prompt.
```

Reviewer: Same here

> - Click a tool in the list to view and edit it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- View and edit a tool by selecting it from the list.
```

These are suggestions-- feel free to ignore (or edit further) if you disagree

> Registry tools are identified by a key icon in the tools list and display a **Workspace registry tool** badge when selected. The available actions depend on whether a tool is prompt-local or saved to the registry:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Registry tools are identified by a <Icon icon="key"> icon in the tools list and display a **Workspace registry tool** badge when selected. The available actions depend on whether a tool is prompt-local or saved to the registry:
```
Suggestion

> - **Prompt-local tools**: Click **Add to Registry** to save the tool to the workspace registry, or **Delete** to remove it from the current prompt.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Prompt-local tools**: Click **Add to Registry** to save the tool to the workspace registry or **Delete** to remove it from the current prompt.
```
